# Day 1
## Prompt: "Make the worst website possible"

### [Twitter post](https://twitter.com/ma1ted)

This website was built to be a pretty bad website. It's a React project, generated with `create-react-app`, which is supposedly not the best way to initialise React applications anymore. I chose React beause it's incredibly slow with a criminally large bundle size. For styling, I chose Tailwind CSS, because it's gross. I tried to use custom values (e.g. `bg-[#ff00ff]`) as much as I could, to defeat the point of using Tailwind in the first place. Normally, I find Tailwind to be generally unpleasant to work with, however funnily enough it made working with React a lot nicer. Having separate CSS files for every component just isn't an ergonomic way to create *any* sized application, chief. Obviously for the website itself we have the intentionally poor styling, the false facts, and the annoying popups with obnoxiously fake loading spinners. The email input on one of the popups doesn't do anything, and one of the buttons links to a YouTube video titled [*Why Spanish Iberian Ham Is The World's Most Expensive Cured Meat*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xcqXBGv5DM)

For my The Worst Website™, I not only tried to make it look shoddy and prove annoying and unpleasant to navigate, but also tried to make the tech stack The Worst™ too. I think I did a pretty good job in the couple of hours I spent on this. Overall, this was an interesting day 1 prompt. I bet I could name who came up with it too :)